---- INSTRUCTIONS TO PLOT GPS DATA FROM DN1 and DN3 ----

1.) Ensure you have the following scripts: duoBagPlay1-16-15.sh, dn1BagPlayer1-16-15.sh, dn3BagPlayer1-16-15.sh

2.) Ensure you have them all in the same directory and that you have two other directories in there titled "dn1" and "dn3" which contain the respective bags.

3.) cd into the directory that contains all the scripts and run this command:
	source duoBagPlay1-16-15.sh

4.) It will open a new xterm that will launch rosbridge by itself, and ask if rosbridge launched and that you have the website up.

5.) It will then ask what speed you wish to play the bags at. After a time of 480 seconds/speed, dn1 will open a new xterm and start playing its bags.

6.) The script will handle everything else.

---- INSTRUCTIONS TO PLOT GPS DATA FROM 1 or 2 DRIFT NODES ----

1.) Run this command in 1 terminal:
	roslaunch rosbridge_server rosbridge_websocket.launch

2.) Open the html file "ROSGPSVisualizer.html" and this will pull up the visualization tool in your default browser if set up that way. Otherwise open it with your browser.

3.) You should not have to change the address as rosbridge should open the websocket on port 9090. If this is not the case match the ports.

4.) The GPS Topic 1 and 2 have been set up already so you should not have to change unless more nodes are produced in the future or dn2 starts working. Otherwise the format is: /dn[# of the driftnode]/gps_chatter

5.) Max msg/s and max markers you don't have to mess with unless you have only a specific amount on the screen at once. (Default is 0 = no limits)

6.) Toggle the connection bar from "Off" to "On"

7.) cd into the directory containing the bags you wish to run, and run this command in a seperate terminal:
	source dn[node number]BagPlayer[month]-[day]-[year].sh 
	^ this will run the bags at the default speed 1x, if you want to make it go faster add a number after the .sh

8.) Repeat step 7 if you want to run another bag (HAS TO BE FROM A DIFFERENT NODE)

9.) If you want to stop the plotting you can cancel the rosbag play in the terminal or you can toggle the connection from "On" to "Off"

10.) If by some off chance the plotter is not running properly, try refreshing the page and trying again. Or try running the bags first and then toggle the connection. (This will result in some lost points initally but should work)